
Having trouble getting the game to run?  We've got a list of problems and solutions listed below.

1. Error: "EOS.exe - Application Error.  The application failed to initialize properly (0xc0150002)."
2. Error: "EOS.exe - Application Error.  The application failed to initialize properly (0xc0000005)."
3. You get an error message each turn saying that it can't save the game.

-

1. Error Message:
	EOS.exe - Application Error
	The application failed to initialize properly (0xc0150002).
	Click on OK to terminate the application.

	Solution:
	This error happens if you don't have the latest Windows updates.  This can be resolved by 
	updating the Microsoft .NET Framework to version 3.5 (or higher).  You can download it here:
	http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyId=333325FD-AE52-4E35-B531-508D977D32A6


2. Error Message:
	EOS.exe - Application Error
	The application failed to initialize properly (0xc0000005).
	Click on OK to terminate the application.

	Solution:
	You need to install, and launch, the game with full admin rights under Vista. That includes 
	right-clicking and setting the game to "Run as administrator". Or shut off UAC (User Access Control) under Vista.

	This may be a DEP (data execution prevention) error. First, please check if you have the file 
	runservice.exe in your C:/Windows folder. If so, please check out the instructions in the FAQ here:
	http://www.battlefront.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=47&Itemid=30

	Your anti-virus may be causing problems (some AV packages such as ZoneAlarm and others are known for
	continuing to run in the background, and you may have to shut them down and make sure that you boot without them).


3. You get an error message each turn saying that it can't save the game.
	This appears to be a problem that happens on Windows Vista
	Solution: You need to be running as 'administrator' to run the game.
        That includes right-clicking and setting the game to "Run as administrator". Or shut off 
        UAC (User Access Control) under Vista.


